# We-Care
WE-CARE (Blood Donation Management System)
I am a social worker/representative of a blood bank which provides blood to those in need. Many people come to us daily, asking for blood but it becomes very difficult for us to manage all those people as we cannot manage a lot of blood at one time. We are trying to expand our services for the betterment of people. We want to have a separate section for the blood donors through which we can contact the blood donors and ask them for blood when needed or we can also provide the details of the blood donor to the blood seekers so that they can contact the donor themselves. In order to help people who are in need of blood, this system can be used effectively for getting the details of available blood groups within the same city. So if the blood group is not available in the blood bank, the blood bank can request the donor to donate blood to the patient. In this section the blood bank can register those people who want to donate blood.

We will maintain all the data of the donor like his name and contact number which makes it easy for us to contact him and we will keep the records of the donor’s blood group so that we can contact the right person in case of an emergency etc. We will also keep his email so that we can inform him about future blood camps etc. We will keep other record like address and donor’s gender. We will identify the donor through his blood group, city, phone number etc. We will also give each donor a unique ID in our record in order to prevent the record from mixing up. 

This section will be managed by an admin who will be responsible for maintaining the record like adding, deleting or modifying the record of a donor. Only he will be able to access the record of the donors and only he will provide the required data of the donor to the blood seekers. 
We will also maintain the record of blood donation like how many bags of blood were donated by the donors in a specific month or how many donors donated blood in a specific month. We would also keep the availability status of the donor, We we will contact him after 3 months once he has donated blood or the donor can also inform us about his availability himself. We will also have the record of total number of donors overall as well as total number of donors with respect to a specific record like blood group, city etc. 

